A survivor of Rape does not JUST survive the violent act. 

They must survive the next 24 hours - the following week - the months after  - that first year. That first time to hide it from your friend - your professor - your mom - your dad - your brother - your councelor - your boss. Ten years later shaking as you write about it. 

Do I want my existance to be defined by this moment? OF COURSE I DON'T. Just as a person who has had been hit by a drunk driver and looses their ability to walk doesn't want to be in a wheelchair. But you have been in an experience deemed as an 'accident'. Poor judgement. Bad choices of someone else. There is a high risk of accidents when driving late at night - just as there is a high risk of RAPE when becoming friends with a boy. 

Every question of 'no boyfriend yet?' at each holiday, family visit, workplace party, or catching up with friends.

Every romantic comedy with red flags of female objectification - aggressive stalking - a ragefilled agrument... all romantically ending in a reckoning of passionate love. How was I to know these are all the same actions that led to not a life partner, but a life of dibilitating PTSD. 

That funny moment when you realize that your disability isn't valid because you can still run to isolation when you feel like your heart has stopped beating and the tingling in your right side starts. Hiding your suffering because it is unslightly - crying until you loose your breath, all the while wishing it would stop. It would be easier to not exist. It would be better for everyone if you didn't exist.

DAMN RIGHT THESE ARE SUICIDAL THOUGHTS. These are the thoughts that are blocking my ability to write - to create - to feel worthy of being alive. 

I was rapped. I was rapped while writing my honours thesis in my undergrad. I had finally been in a position to write about topics that I was passionate about - about women in Atlantic Canada expressing themselves through creative means - ART! About their experiences, about my forebearers and the world I was finding myself in being a woman and wanting to create. I had never had this level of freedom and clarity to critically engage with this area of thought I was entering into. 

Holding onto planned archival visits - meetings - gradute program applications... suddenly became excruciating. 

Unable to sit still on the bus on a research trip due to an infection so bad that my doctors would be worried about toxic shock when I found the courage to see them 7 days later. Where swallowing 8 pills and being told to do anything to avoid puking or else -- or else what? -- I never got an understanding of what would have happened if I didn't defiently laid in bed for 24 hours begging my body to stop gaging and only getting up to pace when it felt like my lower half was being ripped into a million pieces. 

All the while, HE - was using my computer in the other room planning his exit. The exit the nurses threatened him with - because I coudln't add to my plate of guilt with his deportation. How do you explain to the few people you tell 4 years later that you kept letting him live in your apartment after. How do you understand yourself the level of insanity it took to have your key dropped in your hand by your rapist after dropping him off at the bus station? 

You don't get to understand it. It was survival. To see the situation as I do now would have ended my life. Reviewing it now even threatens my life. The Awakening ... the novel by Kate Chopin. She walks into the ocean in the end - killing herself when a conciousness of her existance becomes too unbearable to reckon with. I've felt that urge. I feel it almost every day. 

